Add licenses, make it LGPLv2.1+ contributions going forward (#4219)
MDAnalysis/mdanalysis: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

 - [ ] Docs?
 - [ ] CHANGELOG updated?
 - [ ] Issue raised/referenced?

## Developers certificate of origin

> - [ ] I certify that this contribution is covered by the LGPLv2.1+ license as defined [here](https://github.com/MDAnalysis/mdanalysis/blob/develop/LICENSE) and adheres to the [**Developer Certificate of Origin**](https://developercertificate.org/).

Reviewer: Does thinking this box from the UI register as an "edit"?

Author: Yes, you can see an example of the edit history from me ticking the test checklist in this PR.

Reviewer: Thanks! Was on mobile, so I didn't see.

Author: I should have said "you can now see" - I only ticked it after you asked 🙃

> - [ ] I certify that this contribution is covered by the LGPLv2.1+ license as defined [here](https://github.com/MDAnalysis/mdanalysis/blob/develop/LICENSE) and adheres to the [**Developer Certificate of Origin**](https://developercertificate.org/).

Reviewer 2: I am not a fan of "here" links
```suggestion
- [ ] I certify that this contribution is covered by the LGPLv2.1+ license as defined in our [LICENSE](https://github.com/MDAnalysis/mdanalysis/blob/develop/LICENSE) and adheres to the [**Developer Certificate of Origin**](https://developercertificate.org/).
```

Author: Done in [308e33e](https://github.com/MDAnalysis/mdanalysis/pull/4219/commits/308e33ef48c48e4bc06f51f9a3d7678ff771efa0)
